well howdy there internet people
Isabella gone so tonight's important is
to stick with me so far in this series
of videos the ones that reference the
manual
we've talked about how these things
start we've talked about the best
practices to manage one before it starts
and how to manage one once it starts
we've talked about the Trump
administration's current strategy and
how it is wrong on every level according
to their own manuals their own documents
we've talked about the likelihood of
this causing a street movement to
transition into something more intense
and we've pretty much covered it all the
only thing we haven't talked about is
what happens after it transitions once
it becomes more intense once it becomes
full-fledged and to be honest I'm not
going to do a video describing how to
wage a campaign like that mainly because
with my luck somebody will turn that
into a how-to guide and go do a bunch of
horrible things and I want no part of
that but see at this point if you've
watched those videos you've got a good
grasp on this subject you you understand
the theory as well as most soldiers and
that has some responsibility with
at the end of the day you know we don't
need descriptions of how these things
work we know they're bad we can look to
the other countries some of these
countries have had these campaigns going
on for twenty years we don't need to
cover that but what's important is the
understanding of one last little bit at
the end of the day when these things
escalate and they go full-fledged
they're a PR campaign with violence
that's it you Church it up however you
want
wrap it in whatever flag you want to
drape it in whatever cause you believe
in it is a PR campaign that's it nothing
more it's what it's all about
why don't we do the PR campaign now
before it starts control the narrative
now you've watched this channel for any
length of time you know I don't do calls
to action I don't know what video we're
at now 800 maybe to the entire time I'll
do it
I don't do it mainly because I've done
the math and it's a little intimidating
but we're gonna do one tonight because
it's important and everything lines up
there recurring themes on this channel
roll 303 if you have the means you have
the responsibility evolution over
revolution you know good ideas generally
don't require force lead yourself force
multiplication these are things that
come up over and over again and they all
converge right now
on average this series of videos that
are referencing the manual they get
watched by about 150,000 people each and
that's big I mean that that's bigger in
Trump rally but that's not enough to
control the narrative right it is it is
the average Facebook account has 338
friends you do the math on that that's
50 million people that is 50 million
people now granted your social media
account maybe uh maybe it doesn't have
that many maybe it has more and you're
not gonna reach everybody on your
account but some of the people you reach
are gonna reach others so by the time
it's all said and done if everybody
takes this message to heart we're
talking about 50 million people a pretty
good chunk of the population can be
influenced by it we have to stop a war
if this spins out of control that's what
it turns into
you understand this material now you can
explain where they're wrong why they're
wrong you have the links to the
documents y'all should have known
something was up when I started
providing links you know where these
stormtroopers are headed next and you
know right now they're not in the news
they're not on fire these cities there's
not massive events going on they're not
out of control so if that happens after
his forces arrive what does that mean
it's their fault they escalated it
we have to use our social media accounts
put in your own words nothing in organic
no hashtag nothing like that just be
ready to control the narrative explain
what's happening and get people to
question why he's going against all of
the manuals all of the experts what is
he hoping to accomplish by provoking a
response what is his goal there's got to
be one nobody can be this wrong without
some other reason
nobody is this bad at it I mean he
actually has to overcome safeguards to
be this wrong there's got to be a motive
there's got to be a reason I don't know
what it is and I'm not gonna speculate
but nobody's that strong by accident so
controlling the narrative yeah that's a
tall order but the math is on our side
the end goal is to stop a war to stop
this from spinning out of control
it's certainly worth trying because no
rational person wants this anybody who's
ever seen it studied it or even glanced
at it on the news knows this isn't
something we want we don't want it here
we don't want it anywhere else really
it's it's bad and yeah maybe we get a
better system on the other side but
that's a big maybe um I'm not okay with
not trying to stop it
so yeah I don't mean to dump too much on
you today but it's just a thought y'all
have a good day